this little boys turbody with an
instrument like this is a fun little
redo here you know there are supercars
and then there are these little monsters
it makes you remember yeah you don't
have to have a big expensive sports car
to go fast and have a great time that
exhaust out that's awesome
tiny wheelbase all-wheel drive turbo
within an inch of its life
it's for a very very sweet handling
package suddenly this little tiny
everyday driver car is a great hot hatch
I just wish it wasn't $5,000
it's a rather tool package but this
one's been lowered so the center of
gravity is just right flying through
these corners
simple easy to look at interior it's not
gonna be really high-end stuff but these
plastics are decent these this material
it looks decent yeah it looks fairly
inviting I mean you're comfortable for
driving I'm comfortable driving I'm
yours my knees are touching but it's not
bad really it's a four-door you can
stuff in the back
[Music]
while what a fantastic little package
just a great little light on its feet
live appeal this is really fun
you